Add new CLI auth flow w/ tests and docs (#1431)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/cloud/cloud_concepts/cli.md

Error attempting to use Prefect API token BAD_TOKEN
```

#### auth logout

> Running `prefect auth logout` will log you out of your active tenant if one if currently logged in to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `prefect auth logout` will log you out of your active tenant (if you are logged in)
```

```
$ prefect auth logout
Are you sure you want to log out of Prefect Cloud? (y/N) Y
Logged out from tenant PREVIOUS_ACTIVE_TENANT_ID
```

If there is no current active tenant then you should see:
```
$ prefect auth logout
Are you sure you want to log out of Prefect Cloud? (y/N) Y
No tenant currently active
```

#### auth list-tenants

Running `prefect auth list-tenants` will output all of the tenants that you have access to use.
```
$ prefect auth list-tenants
NAME                        SLUG                        ID
Test Person                 test-person                 816sghf2-4d51-4338-a333-1771gns7614d
test@prefect.io's Account   test-prefect-io-s-account   1971hs9f-e8ha-4a33-8c33-64512gds86g1  *
```

#### auth switch-tenants

> Running `prefect auth switch-tenants --id TENANT_ID --slug TENANT_SLUG` will switch your active tenants. Either the tenant ID or the tenant slug need to be provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `prefect auth switch-tenants --id TENANT_ID --slug TENANT_SLUG` will switch your active tenants. Either the tenant ID or the tenant slug needs to be provided.
```

```
$ prefect auth switch-tenants --slug test-person
Tenant switched
```

If you are unable to switch tenants for various reasons (bad id, bad slug, not providing either) then you should see:
```
$ prefect auth switch-tenants --slug test-person
Unable to switch tenant
```

#### auth create-token

> Running `prefect auth create-token --name MY_TOKEN --role RUNNER` will generate a Prefect Cloud API token and output it to stdout. For more information on API tokens visit go [here](./api.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running `prefect auth create-token --name MY_TOKEN --role RUNNER` will generate a Prefect Cloud API token and output it to stdout. For more information on API tokens go [here](./api.html).
```
